Today's Agenda
--------------
Inheritance
Interface
Polymarphisum
Abstraction
Exception Handling
--------------
Inheritance :- 
The process of getting features from one item to another item is called as Inheritance. 
purpose of Inheritance is :-  Reusability of the classes. 

there are atleast two classes in inheritance process

	1st class :-  parent/based/super class
	2nd class :-  child/dervied/sub class

always an inheritance from parent class to child class. 
		parent - child
		base - derived
		super - sub

by using "extends" keyword we can inherit based to child class. 
To activate parent class members into child class "protected" access specifier is used. 
No need to create an object for parent classes, just create an object for child class, then call both parent and child class methods.

As per the OOPS Concepts

there are different types of inheritances
	1. Single Inheritance
	2. Multiple Inheritance
	3. MultiLevel Inheritance
	4. Hirarchical Inheritance
	5. Hybrid Inheritance
----------------
Data Abstraction:- 

It is the process of hiding internal implementation details and showing only essential functionality to the user. 
It focuses on what an object does rather than how it does it.

Abstraction hides the complex details and shows only essential features.

How to Achieve Abstraction?
Java provides two ways to implement abstraction, which are listed below:

1. Abstract Classes (Partial Abstraction)
2. Interface (provides abstraction for behavior, may contain default or static methods)

Abstract class:-  the process of creating class and not allows to create an object is called as  Abstract class. 
		abstract keyword is sued to create an abstract class. 
		it has abstract methods and concreate methods.

	Abstract methods are having only declarations but it's implementation is in it's subclass. 
	i.e. Every abstract class is a parent class. 
-----------------
Interface :- 
It is one type of class which allows to only declaration of the methods. it is called as pure abstract class. 

purpose is : to implement multiple inheritance. 

interface  <iface name>
{
	method declarations
}

once we create an interface, it has to inherit to the it's child class by using "Implements" keyword as follows

class <classname>  implements <interface1, interface2, ....>
{
	.......................
}

Note :-   
A child class can inherit one parent class and multiple interfaces. Here first parent class then interfaces should be inherited.

class parent1{}
interface iface1{}
interface iface2{}
class child  extends parent1 implements iface1, iface2{}
-----------------------
Constructor in Inheritance :- 
-----------------------
1.  parent class constructor will be executed with child class object if that constructor is not having arg.
2.  if parent class constructor having an arguments, then that constructor has to call in child class constructor
	by using "super" keyword. 
------------------------
Polymarphisum :- The process of defining multiple actions on single unit is called as Polymarphisum. 

			poly = many 
			marphisum = forms
To achive this process,  we have two methods

1.  Overloading
2.  Overriding

OverLoading :- 
The process of add on features to the existing unit without changing it's default action is called Overloading. 
To achieve, we have to use method overloading process. 

Method Overloading:-  the process of defining multiple method bodies for single method is called method overloading.
	here we have to show differences b/w one method body to another method body except method name. 

1.  Every method body should have different no of parameters. 
	void Sample()
	void Sample(int x)
	void Sample(int x, float y)
2.  If no of parameters are same, then change the data type of parameter. 
	void Sample(float y)
	void Sample(int x, int y)

This type of polymarphisum is also called as Compile Time Polymarphisum. 
---------
OverRiding:-
The process of replacement features to the existing unit is called Overriding. 
this process will be achieved using method over-riding process. 

Method OverRiding :- In this process, if both  parent and child classes having same content, i.e. same method names along same arguments with no of methods also same, then this process is used. 

1.   Create an object for parent class then call parent class methods.
2.   Create an object for child class then assign that object to the parent class object. 
3.   Now call methods, it will child class methods.(Overriding)
------------------------------
Final  class :-  the class which won't inherit is called as Final Class. 

	final classes are last child classes in inheritance /  A Indivisual class which won't inherit. 
	for finall classes we can create an object then call methods. 

class Abc{}
class Bca extends Abc{}
final class Cba extends Bca{}
class Acb extends Cba{} X
------------------------------